who are you and call me Andy I lead a
group of soldiers fighters like you more
than extremely rare skill set what do
you mean
mother
let's just say we're very hard to kill
[Music]
you've got questions kid you want
answers I have the new one I think she
has potential
see you're already healing faster you're
gonna do great
so you good guys or bad guys depends on
the century so we really never does just
because we keep living doesn't mean we
stop hurting throughout history we've
protected this world fighting in the
shadows but it's nearly impossible to
disappear in the world we live in today
don't leave me to take one for you oh
thank you so much there you go thank you
these are extraordinary individuals
they are extremely resistant to capture
they're going to walk us up and
weaponize us but they've never faced an
army like ours an army of five
let's start a band if we can unlock
their genetic code the entire world will
be begging us for the key we don't have
all the answers
but we do have purpose
I strongly recommend that we leave right
now
let's move wait for the signal how the
hell can you even spell
Oh
[Music]